Wiki Rewrite: "How To Add Mods" (#126)
Fabulously-Optimized/wiki: how-to/add-mods/multimc.md

---
hidden: true
---

# MultiMC

1. Find the mod or mods you want to add from the [list of Fabric mods on Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mods?g=categories:fabric)

> 2. Click on **Versions**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the mod details page, then **⤓ Download**
```

> 3. Click on **Download** next to the latest version compatible with Fabric and Minecraft. A `jar` file should be downloaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the Minecraft version you're using, then select Fabric and click **⤓ Download**
```

4. Open **MultiMC**

> 5. Select the FO instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select **Fabulously Optimized**
```

6. Click on **Instance Folder**
7. Copy the `jar` file you downloaded in _step 3_ to the `mods` folder

> 8. Launch the instance. Minecraft should open up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Launch the instance by double-clicking it. Minecraft should open up
```
